Update not about using terraform k8s configs (#47116)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy/kubernetes/index.md

Our Kubernetes support has the following requirements:

- [Sourcegraph Enterprise license](configure.md#add-license-key). _You can run through these instructions without one, but you must obtain a license for instances of more than 10 users_

> - A deployed kubernetes cluster. You can do this yourself using your chosen cloud platform's UI, or if you're looking to get up and running a little quicker, use [our terraform configs](https://github.com/sourcegraph/tf-k8s-configs) to quickly deploy a cluster that will support a standard Sourcegraph instance.

Reviewer: As with comments elsewhere, prefer a documentation-style rather than colloquial tone. And make it clear to the reader what the paths forward are and what the expectations are for each path. Also, capitalize "Kubernetes" because it is a proper noun.

```suggestion
- A Kubernetes cluster. Follow the instructions for your cloud provider to provision this (NOTE: we should include links to these here). If you use Terraform, we offer [example configurations](https://github.com/sourcegraph/tf-k8s-configs) you can use or adapt to provision a Kubernetes cluster. Note these are for educational purposes and do not necessarily reflect production best practices for your organization.
```
